welcome everyone to this episode of
reckless eating challenge I'm gonna
channel Chris reckless in my hosting
skills I'm old man Tom to my left are
three nerds
so I'm sorry I'd take it back on the
Alex isn't bad nerdy he's just he's just
a hipster hipster yeah you're
everybody's name hipster but he looks
like he's from Doug Benson please hey
wait a minute wait a minute I gotta do
that to you I'm sorry he said you look
like the kinda see so for the challenge
today apparently a piece this is has to
be my least favorite of any candy ever a
piece they're disgusted they argue
disgust I like it's pretty interested in
its sugar so challenge today is
basically to unwrap the peeps and eat
them and rubber doesn't first wins
there's ten bucks each thing don't
challenge is on rapid so okay look we're
gonna give you guys 30 seconds to look
at the package you get your what's where
you think you're gonna try to open it
from summit winning the structural Rudy
you're losing time you got to look right
now or do you already know he already
knows laughs you can also check out Rudy
and gamer nigga channels in the
description down below give them will
subscribe if you haven't before
alright I'm losing this yep so the goal
of this so of course the first person to
finish the peeps wins so that's why this
is an easier challenge but three people
will walk away with losses
Tom's will walk away from a loss with
two other people I'm having feeling I'm
putting my money on Rudy on this one
Rudy on the table yeah I want it Alex me
I'd say fed on table it's good idea I'm
predicting that Rudy is gonna dominate
Valley can we use we just have the one
over hands just have to with your hands
no use your penis it has to be an
appendage from you you have a razor dick
use it did involve marshmallow so I
might do this one maybe but Rudy's wants
this he wants to look like he's ready to
throw his lips no because he said fair
enough and that way you can use each
other
oh you can use either liquid from each
other as well if you're well okay are
you ready sandbag ready this over with
three two one go you go go left go go go
slow go slow
Wow combat actually win if you don't you
just hurry up dog Wow yeah all right wow
wow wow Tom brilliant opening it was
yeah I thought you were just kidding but
that opened it up while rising the easy
by putting the whole pack into my mouth
almost yeah oh that I just created a
massive stuff I couldn't chew and
swallow yeah so that's why I went wrong
I should they have one at a time that
was amazing though I give you complete
props for them easily the best start
easily you almost had it Alex you know I
got a little bit because I thought his
piss box
I thought this one saw it something now
you know never to my plan oh really yeah
yeah right
all right and Nick what what happened
with use shop that almost had it but
wanted more Nick was just like the
uneventful solid one cuz like everybody
I say Tom had the best opening I thought
Alex was gonna win it and then Rudy came
up from you know from behind and Nick
was just there slow and steady wins the
race I like the balanced character yeah
and I was living like a couple seconds
behind him once once he was dead I was
like what yeah yeah really my horse you
got to finish strong man you see what
happened at the start so much adrenaline
well you got it though hey
congratulations on another win on your
record thank you sir good sugar everyone
I know that's all a little bit stable
and as I said before check out Gabe
ridiculou these channels in the
description down below give them a
subscribe and hey there you go guys peep
shower on reckless eating - Christian
for you
you